Each of the Pokemon Generations has its own line of at least three Legendary Pokemons. The Legendary Beasts of Generation II is one of them. According to their legend, what specific tower they were trapped, died, and eventually reincarnated?       
Brass Tower  
Mythologicos 
Beast Tower  
Ultra Point  
a
Mega Stones are items which are given to a Pokemon that allows it to Mega Evolve. These stones are the results of Evolutionary stones being irradiated by the power of Xerneas or Yveltal. Which is not a variety of the mega stones?                   
Raichusite   
Gardevoirite 
Tyranitarite 
Metagrossite 
a
Natures are a mechanic that influences how a Pokemon's stat grows in the video games. What nature does a Pokemon have if it has an increase in its attack stat but a decrease in its special attack stat?                                               
Adamant      
Jolly        
Quirky       
Rash         
a
A Pokemon's Nature affects the growth rate of its stats, either it would be raised or deducted to a specific percentage. What nature does a Pokemon have if it has an increase in its speed stat but a decrease in its attack stat?                     
Impish       
Naive        
Serious      
Timid        
d
Gym Leaders are the highest-ranking member of a Pokemon Gym. Its main job is to test trainers to become strong enough to compete against the Pokemon League. If defeated, the trainer earns a Gym Badge. To whom do you get the Earth Badge?            
Sabrina      
Giovanni     
Morty        
Wattson      
b
Each of the Pokemon versions released has antagonists, which are criminal terrorist organizations that always plans on achieving their goals through the misuse of Pokemon. Which of these teams have a costume that resembles a knight's armor?        
Team Rocket  
Team Galactic
Team Plasma  
Team Flare   
c
The Elite Four is composed of four Pokemon trainers, regarded as the toughest in their respective regions, and can be only fought if a trainer had collected all eight Gym Badges. Which of these trainers are not part of Generation I's Elite Four?   
Lorelei      
Bruno        
Agatha       
Phoebe       
d
In the animated series, Ash's first Pokemon was Pikachu. Originally, it was really not the electric-type Pokemon, according to the creators. Which Pokemon was supposed to be Ash's very first Pokemon?                                                 
Clefairy     
Weedle       
Pidgey       
Magikarp     
a
A Pokemon has a set of moves which it uses in a Pokemon Battle. Every move has a type and these moves can be learned by a Pokemon by leveling it up, by breeding, and by using a technical machine. Which of these Pokemon moves have a normal-type?    
Aura Sphere  
Core Enforcer
Zen Headbutt 
Metronome    
d
A Pokemon Champion is considered to be the highest known rank for a Pokemon Trainer. In order to be a Champion, a trainer must obtain all 8 Gym Badges and defeat the Elite Four. Who is the Champion of the Kalos League?                              
Diantha      
Wallace      
Steven       
Cynthia      
a